Updates for Feb release for AIO CLI (#120613)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-operations/connect-to-cloud/tutorial-connect-event-grid.md

:::image type="content" source="media/tutorial-connect-event-grid/event-grid-metrics.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the metrics view in Azure portal to show successful MQTT messages.":::

> [!TIP]

> > You can check the configurations of topic maps, QoS, message routes with the [CLI extension](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/iot/ops?view=azure-cli-latest#az-iot-ops-check-examples) `az iot ops check --detail-level 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can check the configurations of topic maps, QoS, and message routes with the [CLI extension](/cli/azure/iot/ops#az-iot-ops-check-examples) `az iot ops check --detail-level 2`.
```
